---
layout: post
title: Twenty Years
---
Hello all! It's almost been 20 years since I was born, and I want to reflect on myself right now. 17 years since my first memories and 8 years since leaving elementary school.

Since I was 3, I wanted to know why my memories began at the year 2000 no less and no more. It's weird as a 3 year old to be thinking these things because they would normally be told of their existence using a religion or a story. I should've asked for one so I wouldn't have had those provoking thoughts of life beyond consciousness. I'm guessing that curiosity lead me to think that science would eventually solve it so I got involved in astronomy and cosmology just to satisfy myself. But it didn't.

At least some point in life, I thought that living forever would be great because I would always have the perks of life. So maybe doctors can help preserve my life before it ends. However, it took a long time for me to realize that it is just how life goes. There should always be a beginning and an end and I should accept that. Not ending my life would be living in an ever changing world and me getting older wouldn't be able to adapt to that lifestyle.

Enough of the thoughts I experienced when I was younger. So at the age of four, I started school. I knew some English because of the TV shows I watched when I was younger. My Cantonese was okay, but I almost never hold a conversation with anyone. I remember when my pre-school teachers came to my house to talk about my plans to go to the pre-school. I felt awkward there not knowing what they were saying.

It was in pre-school when I first left the house away from my mom. I remember it was really hard to accept the fact that she's not there when I leave. It was the same for my brother too when he did pre-school too. I remember that the pre-school room was large with tables in the front and books surrounding them. I rarely talked with anyone despite the teachers and my parents urging me to say something to the others. I think I was one of the most unique students my teachers had because they would still remember me even when I was in high school. I don't really miss those years in pre-school, but it was the first time that I became creative and adaptive to school-life.

 In the following summer, I believe that was when I went to summer school, but I don't exactly remember where though. I only remember it because the teachers there served me string cheese every lunch because there wasn't a cafeteria open to eat in. I needed to go there every day to improve my English. My parents thought I had no native language then because I would still be in the English Language Learning Program and can't hold a conversation in Cantonese. And I still didn't have anyone my age who was very close to talk to.

 Since I was very young, my parents and I travel to various places where my father's sibling's lived. I went to Florida multiple times and to Illinois too. I wished they weren't that spread out because once I became older, it was a little more difficult for us to plan out trips out of the state.

 So when did I start playing video games? My cousins south of where I lived owned a Nintendo 64 and they were playing games like Donkey Kong 64 and sport games like golf. I remember that it was in their basement with desks lined up, a Mikey Mouse clock, and many different color controllers for me to play. I don't remember my dad noticing me enjoying it, but he eventually bought a Nintendo 64 for me likely from Walmart not to long after I played a lot when I was 3. He would also let me rent games from the rental store at Woodman's before it completely closed. I remember that he bough the games Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time. I didn't really like Super Mario 64, but Ocarina of Time was the game I regretted playing. I would rather started playing with any other rated E game instead. That game was never meant to be rated E. I had nightmares and every time I wanted to overcome them, I had to play the game or let my dad or cousins beat some of the levels for me. It wasn't until I watched players speedrun the game when I realized that this game was never meant to be played at my age. Oddly enough, I think that my dad got this recommendation to buy the game from my cousins and they were a few years older than me.

 Shortly after I left pre-school, I started kindergarten which was fun with the playground at Highlands Elementary School and the numerous class projects I worked with. I won't forget the dedicated entrances for the kindergarten rooms to prevent us kindergarteners from getting lost in the hallways and also help organize all of our items with the shoe and coat racks.

 After kindergarten, I stated first grade, and that was when I first thought that I was grown up and I was prepared for anything. I think this was one of the most underestimated age for me to learn because I though that I had enough knowledge to go out into the real-world. Still, I believe that the major thing holding me back was my language and communication skills. I took standardized tests which told me that I was great at everything else but reading and English.

 For the years past, I had hardships in talking and approachig others. I felt that I needed to be with students who were also Chinese, but there really wasn't any Chinese students but lots of Hmong though. I had always thought that Hmong were the dominant Asian and I couldn't understand why there was so many Chinese elsewhere in the world.

 To be continued....
